Add note about new way of signing and verifing a JWT tokens (#356)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/users.mdx

}
```

#### RS256 public key

> Saleor's tokens are signed with RS256. The token verification can be done by using a public key. The key can be fetched from `<your-backend-domain>/.well-known/jwks.json` (`http://127.0.0.1:8000/.well-known/jwks.json`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Saleor's tokens are signed with RS256. The token verification can be done by using a public key, which can be fetched from `http://<your-backend-domain>/.well-known/jwks.json`.
```
